Update statistics documentation according to recent changes (#236)
home-assistant/data.home-assistant: docs/data_statistics.md

### Statistics Meta

> This table contains the metadata describing the source. Statistics is either derived from entities, in which case `statistic_id` is equivalent to the `entity_id`, or imported from an external source. Statistics imported from an external source is similar to `entity_id`, but uses a `:` instead of a `.` as a delimiter between the domain and object ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table contains the metadata describing the source. Statistics are either derived from entities, in which case `statistic_id` is equivalent to the `entity_id`, or imported from an external source. Statistics imported from an external source are similar to `entity_id`, but use a `:` instead of a `.` as a delimiter between the domain and object ID.
```
